Dev 613 (#5)
tsbmediaventure/developer-docs: source/index.html.md

# Getting Started

Welcome to ConsCent! This documentation covers all the steps for you to get set up - from optionally registering your premium stories with ConsCent which are priced for a Pay per View basis, followed by integrating the paywall on your story pages and initialising the overlay to ensure all premium content is paid for.

You can get started by following the steps mentioned on the [Using ConsCent Page](#using-conscent).

# Registration

> The first step is registering your client with ConsCent. This is done by the ConsCent Team internally and your administrator will recieve the login credenitals (email & password) for the ConsCent Client Dashboard on the email they chose to register with. The client must provide a default value for the 'price', 'duration' and 'priceOverrides: country: ['{ name: '', price: '' }']'. This will ensure that all the premium content on the clients website/app is micro-priced - even if the client doesn't register the content with ConsCent via API. Moreover, the priceOverrides field allows the client to set a different price for their content in different countries. (Price values will be in INR ONLY)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first step is registering your client with ConsCent. This is done by the ConsCent Team internally and your administrator will recieve the login credenitals (email & password) for the ConsCent Client Dashboard on the email they chose to register with. The client must provide a default value for the 'price', 'duration' and optionally geolocation overrides if the client wants geo-fenced pricing options.This will ensure that all the premium content on the clients website/app is micro-priced - even if the client doesn't register the content with ConsCent via API. (Price values are in INR)
```

  </li>
</ul>

> - If you wish to use blanket pricing - which allows you to set all your premium stories at the same default price and priceOverrides with which your client is registered - you can skip the registering/editing stories steps and move on to intergrating the paywall on all your premium content pages. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you wish to ONLY use blanket pricing - which allows you to set all your premium stories at the same default price and priceOverrides with which your client is registered - you can skip the registering/editing stories steps and move on to integrating the paywall on all your premium content pages.
```

  subscriptionUrl: {clientSubscriptionUrl},
  signInUrl: {clientSignInUrl},
  clientId: clientId,
  title: storyTitle,
  isMobile: 'false',
  successCallback: yourSuccessCallbackFunction,
  wrappingElementId: 'csc-paywall',
  fullScreenMode: 'false', // if set to true, the entire screen will be covered

>   unauthorizedCallback: yourUnauthorizedCallbackFunction

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
